Update mainnet and testnet urls in index page in service docs (#1709)
LiskHQ/lisk-docs: modules/ROOT/pages/index.adoc

> .Example request: Obtain a list of all 101 currently forging delegates

Reviewer: ```suggestion
.Example request: Obtain a list of generators in the current round
```

[source,bash]
----

> curl -X GET "http://localhost:9901/api/v3/forgers" -H  "accept: application/json"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
curl -X GET "http://localhost:9901/api/v3/generators" -H  "accept: application/json"
```
